go/raindrops: analyzer comments (#1216)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/go/raindrops/remove_extra_bool.md

> An extra variable `%{name}` is used here to see if any of the cases applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An extra variable `%{name}` is used to check if any of the cases applied.
```

> Instead a check if the string is still empty could be used.

Reviewer 2: "Instead you could check..." sounds a little more engaging.

Author: We try to avoid "you".
